Small clarifications to the ULP I2C peripheral documentation about what is possible (and what's not). (IDFGH-15254) (#15917)
espressif/esp-idf: docs/en/api-reference/system/ulp-risc-v.rst

.. note::

>     The RTC I2C peripheral can issue two kinds of I2C transactions: 1) READ: [start]->write one byte ("register")->[repeated start]->read N bytes->[stop] and 2) WRITE: [start]->write one byte ("register")->write N bytes->[stop]. Sending of the "register" byte is required and unavoidable. As such the peripheral always expects a slave sub-register address to be programmed via the :cpp:func:`ulp_riscv_i2c_master_set_slave_reg_addr` API. If it is not, the I2C peripheral uses the ``SENS_SAR_I2C_CTRL_REG[18:11]`` as the sub-register address for the subsequent read or write operations. This makes the RTC I2C peripheral incompatible with certain I2C devices or sensors which require a READ transaction without a WRITE transaction or which need a register pointer of 16 bits or wider.

Reviewer: I suggest to reformat this note even a bit more. 

```suggestion
    The RTC I2C peripheral issues two kinds of I2C transactions: 

    1) **READ**: [start] → write one byte ("register") → [repeated start] → read N bytes → [stop]  
    2) **WRITE**: [start] → write one byte ("register") → write N bytes → [stop]  
    
    In both cases, sending the "register" byte is required and cannot be disabled. Therefore, the peripheral always expects a slave sub-register address to be set using the :cpp:func:`ulp_riscv_i2c_master_set_slave_reg_addr` API.  
    If it is not set explicitly, the peripheral uses the value in ``SENS_SAR_I2C_CTRL_REG[18:11]`` as the sub-register address for subsequent transactions.
    
    This behavior makes the RTC I2C peripheral incompatible with:
    - Devices that expect a read transaction without a preceding "register" address write.
    - Devices requiring 16-bit or wider register addresses, since only 8-bit addressing is supported.
```

Author: I am totally fine as long as the clarification remains (i.e. what's possible and what's not).

Reviewer: Good, I already took this PR in our internal repo. It is in review now.
